[SHOPKEEPER A]
Come take a look!
This self-spinning millstone
makes grinding powder
practically effortless.
Carry over 300 arrows with
this baby's Item Box spell!
'Cause if you need more than
300 to execute a single job,
archery wasn't for you
to begin with!
[SHOPKEEPER C] Blades
imbued with top-notch magic!
They look as sharp as they cut,
and are sure to
increase work efficiency!
[RYOMA] So this is the
magic item market!
Hey! Good mornin', Mister Serge.
Same to you, kid.
Nice to see ya.
Thanks! Likewise.
Take your time and
look around a little bit.
Yes, eventually, but I do have
a business proposition
I'd like to discuss in
depth with you first.
Oh? Let's talk it out, then.
May as well get comfy,
so have a seat.
[SERGE]
Good call.
Who are you?
[RYOMA]
[DINOME] This is Fedele, the
grandson I mentioned yesterday.
[chuckling]
Hey there, little guy.
Call me Ryoma, okay?
Okay! Can we play?
He seems to have
taken a liking to you,
so why not indulge
him for the moment
while we stay here and chat?
I doubt you'll be
missing out on much.
Sounds good to me.
Ah! Let's play!
Do you have a game in mind?
Word chain!
We can start with "M"
for "Magic item!"
[RYOMA]
Um... Myself?
F, Fedele!
E, for egg?
G.
[RYOMA] Thought he'd be
enjoying this a bit more.
[FEDELE]
G...
[RYOMA] He probably wants
to play outside of this stall,
but the odds of him wandering
off and getting lost
are too high.
G. Glass!
[RYOMA] Doesn't look like
there any toys for him either,
which is a fairly easy fix!
'Scuse me.
If it's okay, may I please
borrow this bucket over here?
[APPRENTICE A]
Go for it.
[FEDELE]
Ryoma, yours is "S."
For sand.
[FEDELE]
D. D is for... doorknob!
I have B?
B for "Beigoma."
[DINOME] I say you got yourself
a deal and a manufacturer,
Mister Serge.
[SERGE]
Pleasure doing business.
It really is a flawless
little work of art.
Can't wait to make more.
There.
See? Hold it like
this then, whoosh!
[FEDELE laughs]
Then whoo, uh!
[RYOMA laughs]
Here. Lemme give it a shot.
Oh, by the way, Mister
Dinome is now on board.
Thank you for agreeing!
No sweat!
You aren't the only one getting
a decent piece of the pie,
so it works out for both of us.
There we go.
Wow, you must've played
with beigomas before!
Nah, I just copied your
movements is all.
Nothin' more to it, kid.
Huh?
What? Do you think that I just
started being a craftsman
the other day or something?
Once I see stuff in action,
it's easy for me
to figure it out.
[FEDELE]
You're awesome, Grandpa!
Am I? Heh.
Nice of you to say!
You all will make way
better use of these,
so I'll leave this set here.
You sure?
Yes. So you two
can play together.
Right, Fedele?
Yeah! Let's play!
All right. Don't hafta twist
my arm anymore.
I'll take 'em.
[RYOMA]
Dear Lady Eliaria Jamil,
I saw tons of new
and interesting things
at the magic item
market in Keleban.
But what burns the
brightest in my memory
are the smiles of Mister
Dinome and his grandson.
They were thoroughly
amused by a toy
I whipped up with
leftover material
from the music box I made.
An unexpected win, in my book.
I'm home.
It's gotten pretty late.
Bedtime for me.
The slime that ate the charcoal.
It's beginning to evolve!
That was quick.
Monster Appraisal.
Says it's a deodorant slime.
It's all about odor.
Removes. Resists. Absorbs.
So it's still like
a cleaner slime,
but it specifically centers
its abilities around aromas!
Forget sleep,
it's research time!
[CALLUM] You spent all night
analyzing and came here
without a wink of sleep?
Well, yeah.
That's beside the point!
There's a fluid the
deodorant slime produces.
I've hypothesized
it absorbs odors,
but I haven't tested it yet.
And this is it?
[RYOMA]
Yes.
They have cotton dipped in
the liquid for an experiment.
[CALLUM]
Which entails putting these bags
in different rooms
all over the shop.
So I can test its limits.
There's no danger since
it's not poisonous.
I've nothing but respect
for your passion, sir.
It's inspirational.
Aw, if you say so.
Anyway, I'm gonna walk
around to see who else
can lend a hand with
the experiments.
Meeting adjourned.
[CALLUM]
Very well, then.
Although, do make it back
home as soon as possible
to get some rest.
I'll pencil it in.
Let's make some tasty charcoal.
I'm glad Mister Callum's
looking out for me,
but I wanna stockpile
a bit of feed before bed.
The more they eat,
the faster they multiply,
but gotta wait for the
deodorant slime to stabilize
before its ready to do that.
You guys play together
like that a lot these days.
Just havin' a ball.
Know what I just realized?
The properties of iron and
metal slimes don't change
even when their shape does.
All right. Let's try something.
This could work.
If I explore this
a tiny bit more,
I bet this could be
one sharp blade!
What an awesome find!
More weapons to help me get
through the Great Forest!
Right! Let's finish up
before morning, guys!
[CALLUM]
Don't tell me.
Did you pull
another all-nighter?
No! I took your
suggestion to heart,
so I made sure I got
a full hour of sleep.
That's all I need.
What you need is to put
your health before work.
[RYOMA] Being forced to pull
all-nighters back on Earth
was the worst, but staying
up to do things I enjoy--
it's so much fun!
Probably best to keep
that to myself, though.
[MIYA]
Knock, knock, Ryomya!
Who's there?
Paw-don the intrusion!
These smell-cleaning
baggy-thingies
litter-ally changed my life!
May I have more?
Oh, I see.
Thanks for helping with the
experiment to begin with,
Miss Miya.
I take it the effect
wore off, then?
Sadly.
Until this morning, the
stench was totally gone!
And I added it to the trash
the day before yesterday
at noon!
[RYOMA]
Let me examine it.
It appears to have reached its
maximum amount of intake.
They can only absorb
so much stink.
I'll get you some more, though.
Even throw in a sample of
my new deodorizing solution.
[MIYA] Would putting these in
the same spot as before be
purr-ductive?
It absolutely would.
I want this project to be
finished as soon as paws-ible,
so I'll help out any
way that I can!
I'll keep that in mind.
[MIYA]
You're making hiss-tory!
This new item will
fur-ever improve the lives
of cat beastkin everywhere!
Like, my hopes couldn't
be higher right meow!
Bye!
[RYOMA] If I keep gathering
data, I should have this stuff
on the market in no time.
[crash]
[GIRL A]
Oh, no! The back fell off!
[GIRL B]
Seems about right.
Jeez.
I can't get any work
done with a cart
that's as garbage
as the stuff it carries.
But we kinda have to.
Unless you've got money
for a new one.
'Cause I don't.
[RYOMA]
Hello.
What? This look like
a show to you?
Um, may I please fix your cart?
Huh?
[RYOMA]
Slimes?
It should be fine now.
Hang on!
You're not a tamer, are you?
[RYOMA]
Sure am.
[WIST] Wow. You look about
the same age as us.
Well, you know, we can't all
be in the trash-hauling biz,
I guess.
It's clearly a job, duh!
He and I are adventurers.
Yeah. But only rank G.
These three are still too
young to get contracted
to do any real work yet.
Carting trash to the
disposal facility is worth
some money, though.
Since we're fellow
slum residents and all,
me 'n' my buddy look after 'em
whenever we get the chance.
[RYOMA] They support
each other to survive.
Okay, why are you looking
at us like that, huh?
[RYOMA] I was, uh, wondering
if I could ask a favor.
For cash? We're broke.
It's in my Item Box.
[BECK]
You can use magic, too?
Whoa! I can't smell
the garbage anymore!
I need help with a current
experiment of mine.
As soon as this bag
stops absorbing the odor,
will you come let me know?
[BECK]
Yeah. We can do that.
[WIST]
Um, where will we find you?
Down at Bamboo Forest Laundry
Service. Ask for Ryoma.
It's that building over there.
I'm Beck, by the way.
I'm Wist. Hi.
We gotta properly thank you.
First you fix our cart,
then you nix that stench!
[RYOMA]
It's fine. Honest.
Aw, screw modesty!
Just follow me and
I'll hook you up, kid!
Very tempting.
[FEDELE]
Grandpa is so cool!
[BECK]
We're supposed to adlib here.
[WIST] I'm bad at that.
Ah, it's over.
[RYOMA] So this hookup
of yours is at the church?
[BECK]
Once every two months,
they hand out free snacks
if we help clean the place.
And today's that day!
Ah, I see.
You helped me and my friends,
so you get free snacks
as a thank-you.
Guess I lucked out, then.
I really should pay it forward
with community service
activities like this
more often, anyway.
Where am I?
[FERNOBELIA]
I'm able to summon you as well.
Very nice to meet you.
I'm, uh...
The latest transfer.
Yes, I've heard a great
deal regarding you,
and the consensus seems
to be that you are quite
the interesting fellow.
[RYOMA]
Another god.
But I wasn't praying.
Why am I here?
I'm Fernobelia, the noble
god of academics and magic.
This is my realm.
Try to relax while you're here.
You'll be teleported back
exactly where you were
when the time is right.
[RYOMA]
Thank you for having me.
Tekun mentioned him!
He's the god that's seldom seen
'cause he closes himself off.
He does strike me
as kinda grumpy.
[FERNOBELIA] I want to ask
you a few questions. May I?
Sure.
What, pray tell, was your
previous world like,
if you can recall?
Well, it's difficult to put
what the whole planet
was like into words,
but I'll give it a try.
[FERNOBELIA]
All right, next question.
What is your favorite food?
Food? But what about--?
[FERNOBELIA]
Did you feel loved growing up?
What is your opinion
on academics?
Conflict? Romance?
Uh, shouldn't I answer the first
question before moving on
to the next one?
No, thank you for
your cooperation.
Wait.
[FERNOBELIA] Yes, as you
surmised, the moment you reacted
to my words, your heart
already had the answers
I sought.
So I read you after each query.
Forgive me, I was
a bit wary of you.
Of me?
[FERNOBELIA] Let's just say, not
all transfers from Earth
have had your disposition,
unfortunately.
Some become corrupted by
power and commit crimes.
Others lose control of their
power and unwittingly
bring about disaster.
[RYOMA]
Point taken.
I'd wanna study me first, too.
[FERNOBELIA]
Thank you.
You seem to sympathize with me.
Though we try our best
not to bring anyone
with clearly dangerous beliefs
to the world we preside over,
alas, there's no failsafe
to prevent them
from turning evil later on.
I wish I could tell you
for sure that I won't,
but as a precaution,
I'll stick to the straight
and narrow whenever I can.
Those who utter casual
absolutes are among
the least trustworthy.
I'll take your honesty as
a sign of how serious
you are about this.
It appears it's time.
One last query,
what is your opinion
on the world of Seilfall?
I'm glad I came.
From the bottom of my heart.
[BECK]
Hey, why'd you stop?
What, have you never
mopped before?
Whoops. Sorry about that.
I didn't let you in
on the secret snacks
just for you to slack off.
Shape up or you're gonna
make me look bad.
Check your tude, Beck.
We brought him here
as a way to thank him
for everything he did today.
He's fine.
Aren't you, Ryoma?
Yep.
Though I'd normally have
this done in an instant
with my scavengers and cleaners.
I can tidy up, too.
Now this is what you
call immaculate.
[BECK] Apart from snacks,
there's actually
one other perk for helping out.
[RYOMA]
What is it?
Anybody who wants it
is offered a free lesson
in combat training
after we clean!
Yeah, they get a member
of the Adventurer's Guild
to come and teach us.
So that one day,
when we're all grown up,
we can take what we
learned and be able to live
on our own.
The Adventurer's
Guild does that?
Wow, that's really cool.
I didn't have any idea.
I know you're a tamer
with magic and stuff,
but if you combine
that with fighting skills,
you could be an adventurer too!
Look! He's here!
Here comes scary-face
man, right on cue!
Hey. Did I just hear one of
you call my face scary?
Aw, that's not very nice.
[RYOMA]
Mister Worgan?
Well, if it isn't Ryoma!
What brings you to the church?
Going with the flow today.
That a fact?
Guess fate's on my side.
Since you're here,
you wanna lend a hand?
Okay.
Why're you and the guild master,
like, best buds anyway?
Well, he's helped me
out in the past.
[WIST] Hang on, then does
that mean what I think?
Oh.
You must've just met
the boy wonder.
He's an 11-year-old
rank-E adventurer.
[gasping]
[WORGAN]
Now, let's begin!
Hey! Don't rely on
brute force alone!
When fighting monsters,
you gotta keep an eye out
for any openings to
strike at weak points!
[RYOMA] Though Wist
isn't scoring any hits,
he's super strong.
I can't believe we're
around the same age.
Beck! Let's see what ya got!
[BECK yells]
You're mine!
Seriously?
[BECK grunts]
You're very easy to
read when you jump
because you can't
change your trajectory.
How many times do
I have to say it, kid?
Strike from my blind spots
and maybe you'll land a hit.
[RYOMA] He's really athletic
and nimble, though.
[WORGAN]
Ryoma, how's your bunch?
They're doing well.
[RYOMA] I told my slimes
to just dodge attacks
and counter with
some light bumps.
The worst they'll do is
leave a few scratches,
but I've got healing
slimes on me, too.
Couldn't've asked for
better sparring partners
for those little kids.
Well done.
Now it's time for your training.
Me?
[WORGAN] Though you used a bow
at your combat ability test,
don't you also use swords?
Let's go!
Incredible.
What in the world?
Just who is that kid?
[RYOMA] Thanks for teaching
me about the secret snacks
you get for cleaning
up the church.
Thank you!
You are so cool, Ryoma!
And we're gonna try our absolute
best to be adventurers
as great as you!
Bye for now!
I'll drop by when I know
how that smell test went.
Thanks! Every update counts!
[WORGAN]
Good work.
Would you like to refresh
yourself with some tea?
[RYOMA]
Yes, please.
Ryoma, what do you think about
becoming an instructor
at the Adventurer's Guild?
What?
Not only do you have the
skill and patience for it--
Today, your slimes proved
to be quite helpful
in training low-ranked rookies!
I'd rather not right now.
My plate's a little too full.
Plus, I'd need to study it.
Can't teach if you aren't
taught in the first place.
You never change.
[RYOMA]
My image of you sure does.
Who would've guessed
you train kids in combat?
It's honestly the
least I could do.
You'd think it'd take
an army to run this place,
but it's just two nuns.
[RYOMA]
No. Really?
Yes, but it's okay.
We don't have to manage alone.
Lots of people in town pitch in.
Mister Worgan is just one of
many adults who help out.
[WORGAN]
Kids also pitch in, as you saw.
And today, you happen to
be one of those helpers.
Thanks for doing your
part for the community.
Did I really help?
You think?
[RYOMA] After all the
support I've received,
I'm in a position where
I can selflessly give back.
Even though I don't
get anything out of it.
I can be like them and help
people the way they helped me.
Gotta say, I like this feeling!
Yeah, it's pretty awesome.
Best feeling in the world.
[ELIARIA]
Guess what, Mister Ryoma!
I'm studying how to bake and
decorate cakes right now!
It's practice for when
I go to the academy.
I want to surprise my new
friends with something
that's hopefully as
sweet as they are.
Having a tea party with
treats you make yourself
is a great way to show
your guests you care
and strengthen
those friendships.
Wouldn't you agree?
I might bake these
cakes regularly,
depending on how
well they turn out.
And, maybe one day,
Mister Ryoma can eat some, too!
[RYOMA] Sounds like you're
really enjoying life, Elia.
You've definitely
got the right idea.